README.md, before:

TLG.py
===========

A launcher for the Ternary Landscape Generator program.

Usage
-----

```shell
	TLG.py parset.txt
```
or
```shell
	TLG.py parsets/*
```
assuming directory 'parsets' holds input files such as parset.txt

Features
--------

	+ Read data from "parset" file
	
		+ All parameters are defined by a line, starting with a name, a colon, followed by values separated by columns
		+ Lines starting with `#:` are ignored (comments)
		+ Unrecognised parameters are read and stored but not used (Should not crash the program)
		
	+ (Partial) guessing of missing parameters:
	
		+ P2 is guessed from `P1` and `P2` if missing
		+ `REPLICATES` is assumed to be 1 if missing
		
	+ Multiple values for parameters: All combinations will be created
	+ Create ".in" files ready to be used by TLG
	
		+ File name as <NAME>_<Map number>_<Replicate number>.in where

			+ <NAME> is the value of parameter `NAME` in the parset file
			+ <Map number> is an arbitrary number given to each of the map sets derived from a declension set
			+ <Replicate number> is the replicate ID (4-digit integer)

Troubleshooting
---------------

 + Not working yet.

TODO
----

 + Handle more possibilities (missing values)
 + Implement offset for replicates
 + Actually launch TLG .in files

Commit message:

TLG plugged-in
Now the map2in function calls a lauch function.
+ Assumes a IN/ and LOGS/ directory are present
+ TLG program name and path hardcoded for now

TODO:
+ Handle more possibilities (missing values)
+ Implement offset for replicates
+ Option for only generating the .in files
+ Handle architecture:
+ A general path to where to save the files
+ Generate `IN/` `OUT/` and `LOG/` dirs if needs be
+ Handle custom path to exectutable

README.md, after:

TLG.py
===========

A launcher for the Ternary Landscape Generator program.

Usage
-----

```shell
	TLG.py parset.txt
```
or
```shell
	TLG.py parsets/*
```
assuming directory 'parsets' holds input files such as parset.txt

Features
--------

 + Read data from "parset" file
   + All parameters are defined by a line, starting with a name, a colon, followed by values separated by columns
   + Lines starting with `#:` are ignored (comments)
   + Unrecognised parameters are read and stored but not used (Should not crash the program)
 + (Partial) guessing of missing parameters:
  + P2 is guessed from `P1` and `P2` if missing
 + `REPLICATES` is assumed to be 1 if missing
 + Multiple values for parameters: All combinations will be created
 + Create ".in" files ready to be used by TLG
  + File name as <NAME>_<Map number>_<Replicate number>.in where
   + <NAME> is the value of parameter `NAME` in the parset file
   + <Map number> is an arbitrary number given to each of the map sets derived from a declension set
   + <Replicate number> is the replicate ID (4-digit integer)
 + Launches the actual TLG program for each .in file generated

Troubleshooting
---------------

 + Not creating the correct architecture.

TODO
----

 + Handle more possibilities (missing values)
 + Implement offset for replicates
 + Option for only generating the .in files
 + Handle architecture:
  + A general path to where to save the files
  + Generate `IN/` `OUT/` and `LOG/` dirs if needs be
 + Handle custom path to exectutable
